project-notes
...
. max width = 41 characters 
. 011

linkedin
...
badge code
..
. <div class="LI-profile-badge"  data-version="v1" data-size="medium" data-locale="en_US" data-type="vertical" data-theme="dark" data-vanity="jiahuangtampa"><a class="LI-simple-link" href='https://www.linkedin.com/in/jiahuangtampa?trk=profile-badge'>Jia Huang, CLP</a></div>


cat
...
. 2107093

jia
...
. cgs sd 4/23/18

bills
...
. teco
. att
. gm-fin
. ins
. hulu
. spotify
. water
. fios

links-cgs
...
. heatprodweb.ur.com/HEAT
. https://pgp.ur.com:9000/omc/GetLoginScreen.uevent
. eportal.ur.com
. rm.ur.com/printers.html
. https://pgp.ur.com:9000/omc/GetLoginScreen.uevent
. http://usoxf-identp01:8080/identity/self-service/rev/ussp.jsf

sites
...
. poc - https://jiawp.neocities.org/jia-2019/color3.html
. notes - https://jiawp.neocities.org/notes/
. animation - https://jiawp.neocities.org/animation/
. firebase - https://jiawp.neocities.org/jia-333/index.html
. material - https://jiawp.neocities.org/material/
. tour of hero - https://jiawp.neocities.org/ng6-tour/heroes
. louie nyc - https://jiawp.neocities.org/louie/index.html
. pogo - https://jiawp.neocities.org/pogo.html
. keyboard macros -https://jiawp.neocities.org/keymacros.html
. jia parallax - https://jiawp.neocities.org/pex333/index.html
. airtable - https://airtable.com
. trello - https://trello.com

cloud9
...
. ng serve --host $IP --port $PORT --public-host $C9_HOSTNAME
. nvm i v8
. npm i -g npm@latest
. npm i -g @angular/cli

github
...
. git init
. git add -A
. git add filename.txt
. git commit -m "add project"
. git remote add origin https://github.com/neuralman/txt/
. git push -u -f origin master

PS
...
. a practical start with typescript
. typescript fundamentals
. typescript in-depth
. advanced typescript
. getting started with typescript
. getting the most from the typescript compiler
. play by play: angular with typescript with john papa and christopher martin
. practical typescript migration
. using es6 with typescript
. bootstrap 3
. bootstrap 4 for the developer
. building a wordpress theme framework with bootstrap 3
. code school: blasting off with bootstrap
. extending bootstrap with css, javascript, and jquery
. jquery advanced topics
. jquery animation
. jquery forms and bootstrap 3
. jquery fundamentals
. jquery in-depth
. jquery plugins & jquery ui
. jquery template fundamentals
. jquery tips and tricks
. jquery ui
. jquery-free javascript
. jquery: getting started
. advanced techniques in javascript and jquery
. building a web application with polymer.js and material design
. getting started with polymer.js
. html5 web components: moving from jquery to polymer.js
. working with polymer.js elements
. github fundamentals
. code school: mastering github
. integrating node applications with github
. firebase firestore: getting started
. firegase functions: fundamentals
. firebase fundamentals
. firebase hosting: fundamentals
. authenticating users with frebase authentication service playbook
. building applications with angular, firebase, and angularfire
. building a real-time app with react, flux, webpack, and firebase
. react fundamentals
. react native fundamentals
. react native: getting started
. react native: the big picture
. react and flux for angular developers
. react.js: getting started
. react: the big picture
. vue.js fundamentals
. vue.js: big picture
. vue.js: getting started
. advanced techniques and workflows in vue
. beginner's guide to vue
. building business applications with vue.js and mongodb
. developing faster with the vue cli
. introduction to vue
. materials in vue
. git fundamentals
. github fundamentals
. advanced git
. advanced git tips and tricks
. build or contribute to documentation with a gitt-based workflows
. code school: git real
. code school: git real 2
. code school: mastering github
. getting started with git
. agile estimation
. agile families: techniques for living with change
. agile fundamentals
. agile release management
. agile reequirements process: from idea to minimum viable product
. agile team practices with scrum
. agile for one
. agile in the real world
. agilepm project management
. achieving an agile mindset with icagile
. bringing agile to it operations
. embracing change: staying agile in the midst of change
. kanban development with jira agile
. scrum development with jira & jira agile
. scrum essentials exam prep
. scrum fundamentals
. scrum master fundamentals - becoming a great scrum master
. scrum master fundamentals - foundations
. scrum master fundamentals - growing yourself and your team
. scrum master skills
. big scrum
. customizing your team workflow with the best of kanban and scrum
. play by play: becoming a more effective scrum master
. real world scrum with team foundation server 2013
. rapid angular training
. rapid applicating prototyping with sharepoint and lightswitch
. rapid concept illustrations for aaa productions in photoshop
. rapid es6 training
. rapid javascript training
. ui architecture
. ui prototyping with framer.js
. building uis with the web animations api
. d3.js data visualization fundamentals
. d3: the big picture
. force layout graphs in d3
. geospatial mapping with d3
. getting started with d3
. svg animations with javascript
. svg fundamentals
. advanced svg animation
. code school: you, me & svg
. creating responsive svgs in illustrator and css
. illustrator cc creating svgs
. making a responsive and interactive animation with svgs in css
. using svg filters for web design and animation
. creating a chrome extension
. debugging your website with fiddler and chrome devtools
. using the chrome developer tools
. visual studio code
. hacking vs code: write your first extension for visual studio code
. play by play: visual studio code can do that
. docker deep dive
. docker images and containers for asp.net core
. docker networking
. docker swarm: native docker clustering
. docker and containers: the big picture
. docker for web developers
. docker in production using amazon web services
. containerizing angular applications with docker
. containerizing a software application with docker
. continuous deliver using docker and ansible
. getting started with docker
. getting started with docker datacenter
. cqrs in practices
. modern software architecture: domain models, cqrs, and event sourcing
. architecting event-driven serverless solutions using google cloud functions
. meet eventmachine
. modern software architecture: domain models, cqrs, and event sourcing
. ibm websphere portal and wcm 8.5 fundamentals
. introduction to developing applications with ibm bluemix
. iota fundamentals
. iot device security: executive briefing
. cyber security awareness: the internet of things (iot)
. ethical hacking: hacking the internet of things (iot)
. internet of things (iot) security: the big picture
. play by play: emerging threats in iot
. modern, modular javascript with systemjs and jspm
. powershell remoting fundamentals
. powershell toolmaking fundamentals
. powershell v4 new features
. powershell and sql server
. powershell for office 365
. powershell on the network
. powershell v3 new features deep dive part 1
. powershell v2 essentials for it admins part 1
. powershell v2 essentials for it admins part 2
. powershell v2 essentials for it admins part 3
. ux design creating wireframes
. ux design for graphic designers
. ux engineering process
. ux fundamentals
. ux role and impact on organizations
. ux-driven software design
. becoming a more valuable ux professional
. getting started in ux design
. hacking the user experience / ux for developers
. illustrator cc for ux design
. creating interactive, high-fidelity wireframes in indesign
. wordpress custom theme development
. wordpress fundamentals: wp_query and the loop
. wordpress as a network: mastering wordpress multisite
. adobe dps adding content from html and wordpress
. building a wordpress theme framework with bootstrap 3
. creating a blog on wordpress.com
. custom content types and you: how to code like a wordpress ninja
. designing custom sites using child themes in wordpress and css
. getting your first wordpress website up in under 24 hours
. internationalization in wordpress
. introduction to wordpress
. introduction to wordpress plugin development
. master your domain: user roles and capabilities in wordpress
. working with javascript and wordpress
. php fundamentals
. php predefined variables
. php web application security
. php: get started
. phpmyadmin fundamentals
. automated tests with phpunit
. building dynamic websites with php and mysql
. building a site with angular and php
. code school: close encounters with php
. code school: try php
. getting started with laravel (php framework) - models and data
. design patters library
. design patterns on-ramp
. functional javascript libraries playbook
. functional programming with python
. functional programming: the big picture
. functional-lite javascript
. fundamentals of functional programming in javascript
. hardcore functional programming in javascript
. front end web development career kickstart
. front end web development: get started
. building strong front-end practices
. front-end first: testing and prototyping with javascript apps
. front-end web development quick start with html5, css, and javascript
. tactics and tools for troubleshooting front-end web development
. better code quality with eslint
. prince2 - the quality theme
. project management basics for non-project managers
. project management for software engineers
. agilepm project management
. beginner's guide to project management
. case studies in project management
. creative project management in ftrack
. introduction to project management & the pmp exam
. organizational influences & project management lifecycle
. pmi-acp: applied agile project management (10 of 11)
. pitching the project: winning management by-;in on a project
. prepare for the are vol.2: project managmenet
. project communications management
. javascript animations with gsap
. javascript asynchronous module definition (amd) explained
. javascript best practices
. javascript build automation with gulp.js
. javascript design patterns
. javascript from scratch
. javascript fundamentals
. javascript fundamentals for es6
. javascript module fundamentals
. javascript objects and prototypes
. javascript templating with handlebars
. html document flow
. html fundamentals
. html for the xaml developer
. html, css, and javascript: the big picture
. html5 advanced topics
. html5 animations made easy with animate.css
. html5 audio, video, and webrtc
. html5 browser caching
. html 5 canvas fundamentals
. css 3 from scratch
. css animation with transition and transform
. css flexbox fundamentals
. css positioning
. css3
. css3 in-depth
. creating elegant navigation using css3 transitions
. introduction to html5 and css3
. learn basic html5 and css4 by building your first web page
. using html5 and css3
. a better css: less and sass
. code school: assembling sass
. haml and sass
. simplifying css in visual studio with sass
. speeding up your css workflow with sass and compass
. devops: the big picture
. aws certified devops engineer: continous deliver and automation
. aws certified devops engineer: high availability and elasticity
. aws certifed devops engineer: monitoring, metrics, and logging
. aws certified devops engineer: security, governance, and validation
. implementing devops in the real world
. integrating docker with devops automated workflows
. introducing continous integration and delivery concepts for devops on oracle cloud
. access control lists (acls) for cisco ccna 200-125/100-105
. advanced routing for cisco ccna 200-125/200-105
. advanced securing for ccna security (210-260) iins
. application layer protocols for cisco ccna 200-125/100-105
. building and troubleshooting a network with icndi skills for cisco ccna 200-125/100-105
. sharepoint 2010 basics
. sharepoint 2010 development
. sharepoint 2010 list & libraries for end users
. sharepoint 2010 managing sites & site collections
. sharepoint 2010 no-code customization for power users
. sharepoint 2010 for web designers - part 2, site design
. sharepoint 2013 fundamentals
. sharepoint 2013 development: client object model and rest api
. sharepint 2013 developer ramp-up - part 1
. sharepint 2013 developer ramp-up - part 2
. sharepint 2013 developer ramp-up - part 3
. sharepint 2013 developer ramp-up - part 4
. sharepint 2013 developer ramp-up - part 5
. sharepint 2013 developer ramp-up - part 6
. sharepoint 2013 buisness connectivity services fundamentals
. sharepoint 2013 fundamentals for business professionals
. sharepoint 2013 performancepoint services
. sharepoint 2013 search back to front
. sharepoint 2013 search development
. sharepoint 2013 workflow - advanced topics
. sharepoint workflow - fundamentals
. sharepoint 2016 backup and recovery
. basic administration of sharepoint 2016
. big picture: sharepoint 2016 on-prem, online, or hybrid?
. configuring service application in sharepoint 2016
. configuring the user profile service aplication in sharepoint 2016
. implementing a hybrid sharepoint 2013/2016 infrastructure
. managing sharepoing 2016 search
. managing sharepoint 2016 for business intelligence
. managing sharepoint 2016 with powershell
. monitoring, troubleshooting, and optimizing sharepoint 2016
. on-premises installation of sharepoing 2016
. planning and managing sharepoing 2016 productivity solutions
. planning for sharepoint server 2016: logical architecture and itegrations
. planning for sharepoint server 2016: physical topology and services
. office 365 apis: contacts
. office 365 apis: overview, authentication & the discovery services
. office 365 administration playbook
. office 365 development: getting started
. office 365 exchange online administration
. office 365: deploying & updating microsoft office 365 proplus
. office 365: introduction to onedrive for business
. office 365: introduction to the outlook web app
. administering office 365 quick start
. configuring and managing office 365 security
. a practical guide to vanilla web components
. develop websites and components in adobe experience managers
. develop websites and components in adobe experience manager advanced
. html5 web components: moving from jquery to polymer.js
. the role of shadow it and how to bring it out of the darkness
. angular cli
. angular forms
. angular reactive forms
. rxjs: getting started
. getting started with reactive programming using rxjs
. learning rxjs operators by example playbook
. play by play: angular 2/rxjs/http and restful services with john papa and dan wahlin
. rxjs: getting started
. getting started with reactive programming using rxjs
. learning rxjs oeprators by example playbook
. deploying databases with octopus
. getting started with octopus
. play by play: modernizing your deployment strategy with octopus deploying
. administering an elasticsearch cluster
. designing schema for elasticsearch
. indexing data in elasticsearch
. searching and analyzing data with elasticsearch: getting started
. good parts of javascript and the web
. angular securigy using json web tokens
. getting started with json in c# using json.net
. hands-on javascript project: json
. introduction to oauth2, openid connect and json web tokens (jwt)
. moving beyond json and xml with protocol buffers
. node application patterns
. node.js testing strategies
. node.js and the internet of things using intel edison
. node.js getting started
. api design in node.js featuring express & mongodb
. acceptance testing in node.js
. advanced noted.js
. web development with expressjs
. web development: executive briefing
. full stack web development with python
. introduction to web development
. sharepoint web part development
. angular 2 end-to-end
. angular cli
. angular component communications
. angular forms
. angular: first look
. angular: getting started
. python desktop application development
. python desktop application development: part 2
. python fundamentals
. python quick start for linux system administrators
. python - beyond the basics
. python: getting started
. python: the big picture
. building more python design patterns
. building sentiment analysis sytems in python
. cloud business intelligence: the big picture
. configuring sharepoing 2013 for business intelligence
. introduction to data warehousing and business intelligence
. introduction to microsoft business intelligence end-user tools
. managing sharepoint 2016 for business intelligence
. sql server business intelligence overview
. sql server fundamentals
. sql server: transactional replication fundamentals
. javascript animation with gsap
. building advanced javascript animations with  gsap
. intro to bitcoin and decentralized technology
. blockchain fundamentals
. blockchain - principles and practices
. building blockchains with hyperledger
. building an enterprise private blockchain on salesforce
. deploying ethereum with aws blockchain on templates
. developing applications on ethereum blockchain
. state of blockchain: executive briefing
. surveying blockchain technologies for enterprise
. databases: executive briefing
. database delivery best practices
. automated testing for fraidy cats like me
. automated testing: end to end
. automated web testing with selenium
. creating an automated testing framework with selenium
. code school: on track with golang
. code school: assembling sass
. code school: breaking the ice with regular expressions
. code school: building blocks of express.js
. code school: flying through python
. code school: git real 2
. code school: mastering github
. code school: powering up with react
. code school: try laravel
. code school: try php
. npm playbook
. eliminating security vulnerablilties with npm audit
. introduction to npm as a build toolmaking
. play by play: sharing code wiht npm modules between angular web and ionic mobile apps
. electron fundamentals
. electron playbook
. creating cross-platform apps with ionic and electron
. cyber security awareness: electronic commerce security
. cyber security awareness: digital data protection
. cyber security awareness: identifying personally identifiable information (pii)
. cyber security awareness: malware explained
. cyber security awareness: mobile device security
. cyber security awareness: pairing physical and digital security
. cyber security awareness: phishing and whaling
. cyber security awareness: safer digital communications
. cyber security awareness: security overview
. cyber security awareness: security by geolocation
. cyber security awareness: security for cloud services
. cyber security awareness: social engineering
. cyber security awareness: social network at work
. cyber security awareness: the importance of indentity protection
. cyber security awareness: the protection and destruction of portable data
. http fundamentals
. http/2 fundamentals
. angular http communications
. benchmarking with httperf
. play by play: what you need to know about https today
. what every developer must know about https
. cloud technology: executive briefing
. culture of learning: executive briefing
. cyber security: executive briefing
. data science: executive briefing
. databases: executive briefing
. general data protection regulation (gdpr): executive briefing
. global behaviors post-gdpr: executive briefing
. iot device security: executive briefing
. managing it services with itil: executive briefing
. state of blockchain: executive briefing
. web development: executive briefing
. what is devops: executive briefing
. implementing vector art in a pixel-based advertisement
. best practices for responsive web-forms
. building mobile web sites using web forms, bootstrap, and html5
. building data-driven react applications with relay, graphql, and flux
. building scalable apis with graphql
. portfolios, programs, and projects: what's the difference?
. user experience flow modeling for portfolio websites in photoshop
. 'infiltrator' production pipeline volume 1: concept design & storyboarding
. collaborative workflows in storyboard pro 
. drawing storyboards for the entertainment industry in photoshop
. working with 3d in storyboard pro
. your first day with storyboard pro
. asp.net core 1.0 fundamentals
. asp.net core 2 authentication playbook
. asp.net core fundamentals
. asp.net core identity deep dive
. asp.net core mvc testing fundamentals
. asp.net core with new msbuild based tooling
. asp.net core: the mvc request life cycle
. architecting an asp.net core mvc application for unit testability
. c# from scratch - part 2
. c# fundamentals with visual studio 2015
. becoming a sap business warehouse query expert 
. sap business warehouse query fundamentals
. sql server 2012 querying (70-461) part 1
. sql server 2012 querying (70-461) part 2
. designing and implementing solutions using google machine learning apis
. the go programming language
. xml fundamentals
. xml syntax fundamentals
. xml tools by examples
. web app hacking: hacking xml processing
. working with xml data in powershell
. building server-side rendered react apps for beginners
. developing faster with the vue cli
. firebase functions: fundamentals
. secure software development
. secure network design
. react native: the big picture
. angular routing
. c# interfaces
. learning rxjs operators by example playbook
. streamlining your incident response process with splunk
. building a javascript development environment
. advanced node.js
. react.js getting started
. angular: getting started
. basic html for kids
. clean architecture: patterns, practices, and principles
. relational databae design
. how to have a better career in software
. career strategies and opportunities for salesforce platform developers
. defeating cross-site scripting with content security policy
. getting started with cloudflare security
. web api design
. web api v2 security
. building asp.net web api odata services
. building uis with the web animations api
. creating web apis that developers will love
. html5 line of business apps with bootstrap, mvc4 and web api
. introduction to the web audio api

tech support analyst
...
. Worked as part of a team to maintain and support 800 digital video recorders, 250 network video recorders, and upwards of 7,000 cameras. Acted as the point of contact for digital evidence investigations in conjunction with the forensic lab. Provided new and efficient methods of utilizing software to allow for faster resolution of issues.
. Created a policy regarding data retention for proper storage of hard drives from digital video recorders, ensuring there was a written court document to prove how digital evidence was stored for court investigations.
. Guaranteed chain of custody was properly documented by serving as point of contact for investigations, providing safe removal, storage, and retrieval of hard drives.
. Performed R&D for IndigoVision software, ensuring that all security measures remained intact regarding users access to the [company name] camera system network.
. Reduced open service requests by 75% by creating new workflow procedures.
. Oversaw and collaborated with other IT personnel on the conversion of 800 digital video recorders from the McAfee Antivirus software to Symantec Endpoint Protocol.
. Utilized the Remedy ticket system to manage upwards of 100 service requests concurrently pertaining to issues involving: digital video recorder repairs, user access rights, security cameras, cabling, and connectivity issues.
. Perform a business analyst role for a leader in tax/legal information services. Be proactive in finding new ways to address clients' needs. Identify business requirements for diverse projects, and transmit them to developers. Address software lifecycle issues related to new, mature, and legacy digital products. Conduct product tests and document results. Coordinate training activities, and provide follow up support as a subject matter expert. Write training materials and application process guides for new employees. Work across several internal departments and various departments of clients' organizations to understand and solve problems. Participate in new product development meetings. Manage time well and multitask to address several issues each day, meet strict deadlines, and solve escalated problems.
. Identified and enhanced processes for responding to inquiries from internal and external clients. Reduced response times from 24-48 hours to minutes.
. Selected as the primary tester and first customer support contact for an Apple-based mobile application.
. Recognized by supervisors with an award for receiving unsolicited positive feedback from a client.
. Persuaded department leaders to abandon a project that did not show a clear benefit to clients and hurt team productivity.
. Provided first level problem resolution for all incoming calls. Perform all phases of troubleshooting including interpretation, analysis, research, and resolution of technical problems for several major product categories, operating systems or networking environments.
. Resolved customer's issues related to usability for digital photo editor, connectivity issues for [company name], plotting of analytical information.
. Diagnosed hardware and software issues in application and customer's PC's with a overall customer satisfaction of 85%.
. Solved customer's issues with a 98 % quality assurance rating.
. Answered inbound inquiries and analyze/ troubleshoot concerns for non-functioning Accu-chek blood glucose monitors
. Educate consumers and healthcare professional's on Accu-chek products
. Trained new employees on technical and operational functions of Accu-chek blood glucose monitors
. Developed training aids including visual aids and demonstration models that met instructional goals and objectives that increased the performance of trainees
. Averaged in the 99th percentile in providing customer service and 97th percentile for technical support to customers
. Conducted training classes on SAP
. Reduced technical escalations to management
. Exceeded corporate target for customer satisfaction for 6 months in a row
. Provided computer support for Faculty, Staff and Students to ensure productivity
. Worked helpdesk for School of Medicine to provide phone and walk-in support
. Conducted one-on-one or group training for technical computer classes
. Technical Support for the Dean of SOM for all of his presentations and board meetings
. Supported specialty equipment used by other departments and maintained their data
. Consulted with users and researched and recommended needed hardware or software for the user
. Provided Tier III IT support for Windows XP and Windows 7 desktops and laptops for over 350 users. Conducted troubleshooting of desktop, laptops, printers, iPhones, iPads and Blackberry, print server admin.
. Received an "Excellence Award" for a retrieving a lost document within 15 minutes for a Senior Attorney's $10M project. The speed of resolution allowed the client to meet the project deadline on time.
. Served as primary technical contact for an offsite Leadership Retreat for 300 partners within the firm. Quickly resolved malfunctioning wireless router to ensure the meeting started as scheduled.
. Handled 80% of the high priority daily remedy tickets.
. Supported 25 users as Technical Lead for the Firm Wide Docketing and International departments, a specialized department using Docket IP, Docket IPFax and Nikes Outlook profiles
. Provided back-up Tier III support for 900 users in the Washington, DC Office
. Provided Tier 1 technical support to External customers utilizing NCR computers, cash registers and other N.C.R equipment.
. Preformed in-depth technical configuration and troubleshooting assistance
. Issues not resolved over the phone in a timely manner resulted in dispatching and relating detailed information that would assist technicians in getting the issues resolved.
. Documented problem and solution thoroughly; provided timely status of updates for resolved and newly assigned tickets.
. Performed as liaison between QA, Development and support for business analysis activities.
. Facilitated SMR (Software Maintenance Request) meetings and communicated ongoing status of all reported defects and enhancement requests; Maintain status of change requests in Clientele
. Attended customer sites to observe operations, and understand workflow to ensure effective functional/ technical requirements
. Performed data analysis and identified defects in software via cases escalated from support through testing and troubleshooting.
. Performed functional and user interface testing to validate solutions provided by development.
. Resolved or managed escalated support issues from TSS II professionals or management.
. Identified training needs and provided training to the support team(s) as needed.
. Delivered substantial front-end technical support to customers by answering complex questions on functionality and product usage. Also recreated and resolved customer problems to deliver quality support and customer satisfaction.
. Inspected and passed over 250 Program Temporary Fix (PTF) documents resulting in improved product quality and fix availability for customers.
. Resolved a DB2 Timestamp data error for the State of New Mexico that enabled them to move to a current release of the COOL:Gen (CA Gen) product.
. Created MVS Date Exit documents to assist customers preparing for Y2K in understanding and installing the exit.
. Manager and application administrator for all CBT core backup systems in Cincinnati and Hamilton data centers. Managed clerical staff responsible for all aspects of CBT backup including tape handling and disaster recovery readiness. Trained operations staff to monitor, troubleshoot, report and document system problems. Responsible for administration and scheduling over 600 system backups on equipment ranging from SUN SL500 tape changers, to EMC Data Domain and Avamar appliances using EMC Avamar and Networker software.
. Team lead for evaluation, sizing, and pricing new backup appliances and peripherals.
. Managed projects to upgrade backup software, move backup servers, media and equipment, phase out older systems, and expand current systems.
. Responsible for DR compliance to KY Management Audit and Sarbanes-Oxley. Initiated and documented DR scenarios on several CBT systems and created a system recovery document to be used as a template for future audits.
. Transitioned backups from tape based technologies to a disk based de-duplication platform, exponentially increasing data throughput and capacity while shrinking backup windows using the latest technology on the market.
. Introduced proactive procedures for reporting and accounting for new servers, insuring another layer of data security and archival.
. Revamped backup and retention strategy to more efficiently manage offsite and archived data. Organized and oversaw system hardware and software upgrades that led to reductions in manual intervention and allowed for attrition of operations staff, reducing the departmental budget.
. Monitored and verified backup completion on all servers.

qa tech
...
. Assist with facility startups and shutdowns for process capabilities; ensuring proper bill of materials (BOM) via SAP, verification of specifications per order, quality sampling and testing prior to startup, recommend mechanical and/or operational adjustments, verification of equipment installation step up with maintenance personnel.
. Participated in 2 years of research studies in "Quality Control" towards continuous improvement through testing, analysis, data interpretation and reporting.
. Assisted in projects focused on operations and change management, process improvement, performance measurement, team solutions, and leadership development in improving individuals and organizational performance.
. Implemented and improved quality assurance on several projects utilizing "Six Sigma" - (DMAIC) model which emphasize; Define, Measure, Analyze, and Control the processes.
. Provided leadership in "Quality Systems" integration; JIT manufacturing, equipment / process change qualifications.
. Familiarization with MS Word, Excel, Power point.
. Working in a laboratory environment, and in charge of monitoring and maintaining See's quality assurance programs by performing analyses and audits of materials and processes.
. Initiated the development of a widely applicable technique to precisely estimate quantity using quick volume measurement, which increases labor efficiency and clarity of results.
. Developed a calculation method for the production volume of each machine at the plant at any given time.
. Performed an array of chemical and physical tests on raw materials that helped plant crew choose the correct temperatures for cooking the ingredients going into the products.
. Assisted in optimizing processes, product quality, and reducing waste as part of the QA team.
. Examined the quality of food products to ensure they meet regulatory requirements, company, and customer's quality standards.
. Monitored the manufacturing processes to ensure adherence to procedures and requirements specified within recipes, SOPs, and the HACCP program resulting in quick, strong decisions during operations
. Responsible for performing analytical tests such as solids, pH, and viscosity and adjusted formulas and process based on results.
. Investigated, analyzed and solved quality assurance production concerns.
. Aided in product development under the direction of Research and Development department.
. Responsible for pre-operative facility inspection.
. Inspected and calibrated laboratory instruments.
. Inspected and evaluated raw materials, packaging materials according to specifications and standard.
. Trained Production Technicians and other Quality Assurance Technicians on finished product testing procedures and quality evaluation
. Managed SQL database of test results. Generated test result reports.
. Wrote test procedures, equipment calibration procedures
. Calibration, maintenance and routine repair of various production testing and laboratory equipment. Tested raw materials
. Streamlined several testing procedures to improve accuracy of results and time spent testing. Troubleshooting manufacturing issues, product defects and impact to end users
. Created inventory control database to streamline parts and supply order
. investigated, documented, and generated reports for customer complaints and corrective actions
. Maintained and performed various verifications of the calibration recall system
. Reviewed customer purchase orders for Quality acceptance
. Prepared customer test reports
. Utilized and updated Visual Manufacturing and Visual Quality systems
. Performed 5-S audits and preserved 5-S work area compliance
. Performed internal audits and prepared report summaries
. Worked collaboratively with manufacturing departments to enforce food safety and quality assurance protocols for Safe Food Manufacturing
. Provided support to the Production Floor by enforcing and monitoring the GMP's to insure quality.
. Conducted internal manufacturing audits to assure product conformance to desired specifications and were in accordance with operational limits.
. Worked in collaboration with production and sanitation departments to conduct investigations pertaining to foreign material and pathogen exposure to reduce possible contamination.
. Continuously monitored critical control points to maintain their effectiveness against potential hazards and created risk assessments.
. Collected, reviewed, and evaluated production data associated with quality related obstructions in order to make recommendations to increase production.
. Conceptualized, recommended, and implemented a Quality Huddle while simultaneously managing Quality Department; held Nominal Group Technique (NGT) brainstorming meetings, analyzed work lines, reworked processes, rewrote work instructions for best practices. Improved production by 100% and quality by 50%.
. Recruited to single-handedly serve on 2.5 year Dover Strategic Sourcing Initiative (DSSI) project; analyzed 7,500 product parts, researched dimensions and compared to blueprint; produced both and analyzed best dimension, created accurate blueprints and compiled in 50 3-ring binders available to Engineering and Plant personnel.
. Analyzed a break-away design to create end user repair functionality; identified cause, called Kaizen Blitz across department lines, created and implemented solution within 10 hours, and proved reliability.
. Combined knowledge, experience, and ability to communicate highly technical data to earn Subject Matter Expert status across department lines, and with vendors and customers.
. Worked closely with 30 machining, die-cast, foundry and plastic molding vendors on week-long on-site audits to analyze product quality, recommend changes, and ultimately improve incoming quality of parts.
. Trained and certified 13 ISO:9000 Internal Auditors to perform quarterly internal audits; worked across production to write correction actions, ensuring ISO:9000 compliance. Earned high praise from outside auditor.
. Used variety of hand metrology tools and processes to perform quality audits for ~300 unique inbound parts/assemblies, outbound finished goods
. Accurately recorded data and attributes of findings from audits in spreadsheets and reported out findings in variety of formats
. Instituted a process to quarantine, report, reworked, and provide internal logistics for non-conforming materials including programming a visual basic Excel entry form/database for tag and tracking
. Provided guidance to all personnel on quality topics as they applied to the end user
. Performed tech writing to develop over 150 work instructions with revision control while decreasing defects on rewritten instructions to zero for 30+ problematic builds.
. Developed quality audits via 3D part drawings, DFMEA and engineering requirements, audit schedule, and audit level quality plans for over 150 inbound parts
. Worked with several suppliers to significantly improve part quality, in particular 90% improvement in 4 months for the worst supplier
. Acted as topical quality/productivity evangelist to operations - SPC (Shewhart), Kaizen (Imai), TQC (Edwards Deming), Theory of Constraints (Goldratt), Six Sigma DMAIC/DMADV (Pyzdek & Keeler)
. Performed actions required to stay in compliance with quality standards pursued by the quality manager.
. Implemented an ISO90001 certifiable quality management system.
. Conducted internal QMS audits.
. Ensured all work activities complied with the quality management system.
. Coordinated monthly safety meetings
. Conducted daily quality assurance checks at Keystone Foods to ensure conformance to specifications
. Provided accurate and complete data entry records for inspections, and submitted required reports
. Regulated oven and freezer temperatures to ensure that products remained at their required temperatures
. Performed weekly equipment maintenance, packed and shipped products, and ensured proper mixing procedures

scrum master
...
. Managed five departments & seven contract manufacturers. Interviewed & hired personnel. No personnel turnover.
. Responsible for product delivery management. Renegotiated chip pricing with vendors, reducing bill of materials costs.
. Increased new product development from one to eight. Led repair of four legacy products.
. Scrum Master & Project Manager for 12 products. Met goals for quality, schedule & cost.
. With additional products, annual revenue increased from $15M in 2007 to $26M in 2008. Four of these products won six industry awards.
. Initiated & managed PLM & Scrum enterprise software installations. Participated in ERP software installation.
. Introduced & taught Scrum, functional testing, performance testing, test case management & product backlog management.
. Started off as QA Lead then moved to QA lead / SM after getting CSM. Progressed towards full time Scrum Master / Agile Coach.
. Enforced Kanban principles as a scrum master that resulted in reduction of Cycle time by 20% thus increasing team's throughput in less than 8 weeks.
. Enabled improvement in team delivery commitments and capacity planning for sprints by identifying & tracking hidden tasks that increased customer satisfaction.
. Facilitated Agile adoption Retrospective for the organization with the leadership and guided teams with outcome resulting in enhanced performance.
. Removed obstacle for the team by escalating an issue to leadership resulting in early delivery of customer issue solution. Customer provided positive feedback.
. Coached new SM and trained global teams, which resulted in early delivery of project and reduced process waste caused by lack of common understanding.
. Served as Subject Matter Expert (SME) for a hybrid data product.
. Saved average of $120,000 per account by quickly researching and fixing complex usage-based billing errors post-failure circuit usage.
. Realized increased monthly invoices by synchronizing billing databases within 21 days of disharmony. Technique was first used on large variance accounts and later applied to all unsynchronized accounts.
. Created cost-saving business relationships by being first Secondary Support to partner with Account Managers on large implementations.
. Reduced inbound call resolution times for the tier 2 help desk by creating an easy to use troubleshooting and resolution guide for existing and new products.
. Increased incentives paid to company by acting as primary technical on-call person during go-lives for large corporate accounts.
. Promoted twice in two years: Database Analyst to Business Analyst to Project Manager.
. Lead daily stand-ups and scrum ceremonies for two scrum teams. Work with product owners to groom the backlog and plan sprints. Track, escalate and remove impediments. Report at daily Scrum of Scrum meetings. Track burn down, issues and progress in Version One. Work with component teams to resolve issues.
. Improved team velocity by incorporating capacity planning into sprint planning sessions.
. Implemented Issues Tracking in Version One to effectively track impediments against user stories.
. Quickly became the recognized Version One expert within [company name].
. Resolved a complex infrastructure issue by creating and utilizing a professional network of Scrum Masters, Product Owners and Technical Leads within [company name].
. Implemented Agile Scrum Methodology throughout the organization to improve communications between Engineering, Product Management, and Business; to provide more transparency across the 3 departments; and to obtain great business value with short turnarounds.
. Coached/Mentored a cross functional team of 12 resources to deliver quality products which led to over $3.5M in revenue for the year of 2009/2010
. Utilized Agile Scrum practices to help the team increase their velocity by 63% within the first year of Agile adoption
. Facilitated Release Planning, Sprint Planning, Backlog Grooming, and Retrospective meetings
. Removed team impediments on a daily basis to allow the team to deliver the sprint goals and deliverables.
. Facilitated team and cross-team Retrospectives to build good working relationships among the 7 agile teams across 3 states.
. Collaborated with members of the Product, Business and Engineering Teams to develop and maintain Product Backlogs
. Documented and tracked requirements, completed use case documentation, documented and tracked risk and reported team work to upper management and customers. Consistently worked to improve the processes and quality of our team's work by: implementing test-driven development, ensuring that software conformed to architectural standards and participating in design and implementation reviews.
. Worked with customers and product manager to prioritize and validate requirements.
. Completed plans for long term goals using Microsoft Project.
. Coordinated the work efforts of 8 person team for various projects. Helped team complete tasks successfully and on-time and resolved obstacles encountered by team members.
. Coordinated and participated in weekly estimation meetings to provide high-level estimates (Story Points) for backlog items.
. Identified product and functional requirements which helped build the product plan and project scope.
. Developed innovative features (node graphs and timelines) based on current and future data elements to allow for a more gamification feel to the application.
. Integrated D3 technology to allow for a more functional and robust dashboard.
. Monitored the development progress throughout each sprint to ensure project was within scope and budget.
. Conducted user interviews to help identify and understand different process for each user while simultaneously identifying their pain points.
. Worked with Art Director to incorporate UX best practices / design to ensure a more comprehensive and innovative approach.
. Identified potential project risks and helped developed a mitigation plan to resolve potential issues.
. Managed the insight and opinions of multiple stakeholders and helped to ensure all stakeholders agreed with the current scope and roadmap of the product.
. Collaborated closely with SMEs to identify and analyze core requirements and key features for call center operations projects. Facilitated user interviews and workshops to gather and analyze user stories.
. Developed crucial functional requirement specifications, creating detailed use cases and process flow diagrams to support functional specifications.
. Conducted meticulous GAP analysis while successfully reengineering key business processes to increase operational efficiency and alignment of business unit objectives
. Facilitated Daily Scrum Meetings and Monthly Reviews meetings. Conducted sprint retrospective and followed up on action items for continuous improvement
. Prepared extensive cost - benefit analysis to support system and process changes
. Meticulously analyzed complex data, staffing plans and variances to recommend solutions to improve revenue per call and customer satisfaction/retention
. responsible for two Agile Scrum teams and one Kanban team.
. Successfully guided three development teams through transition from waterfall to Agile development.
. Coached team members on Agile processes and facilitated planning meetings and retrospectives. Maintained task board and produced daily burndown charts.
. Removed impediments and protected team members from interruptions and distractions to maximize productivity. Encouraged and implemented process improvements. Created team-building opportunities.
. Worked closely with Product Owners, coordinating product backlog grooming and story estimation.
. Planned and managed work activities of at least two software development/test teams (Web Portal, Dealer Onboarding) working closely in conjunction with business teams.
. Developed and followed agile project management plan (Agile Ceremonies). Facilitated build requirements log (product backlog) with cost estimates and priority.
. Conducted Scrum Daily standup, Product backlog, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review & Sprint Retrospective meetings.
. Determined the team capacity (velocity) from historical data. Created Work Break down structure (user stories) and corresponding activities (tasks).
. Monitored the project progress and radiated the information to stake holders. Identified and mitigated team risks and impediments (Blocking Issues, Critical Defects) on daily basis.
. Worked with Senior Management, Business & Release Management to understand the vision of the product, prioritize and develop software release planning.
. Communicated the progress to senior management thru 'Burndown Charts'. Monitored the Quality thru metrics and mentored team thru the project management processes.

misc
...
. Highly successful IT Professional over 10 years of experience in Design, Development, Implementation and all aspects of the development life-cycle of Java & J2EE projects working as a System Analyst, Tech Lead, Onshore Coordinator and a Programmer.
. Responsible for Project Planning, Estimation, Evaluation, Project Management and Coordination.
. Focused, self-starter with strong technical & analytical skills with various domain knowledge in Marketing, Automotive, Retail, Health Care, Insurance, Auction Management System with proven ability to understand business problems and apply technology to formulate workable solutions.
. 20 years of interactive business web applications programming.
. Microsoft Visual Studio Programming with C#. ASP.NET, Entity Framework
. TFS/VSTS Source Control with Continuous Integration and automatic Deployment Manifests.
. Front End User Interface programming using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Flash. 
. Angular 1 & 2 development.
. Web Service Programming using REST, XML, JSON, oDATA.
. Acceptance Testing with Selenium SpecFlow
. SQL Server, Mongo DB, MySQL Databases
. SharePoint (on-prem and O365) Web Part Development and Deployment packages
. Unit Tests, Functional Tests, debugging and performance analyst tools. 
. TDD - Test Driven Design
. Visual communication specialist with user experience, interface design and front-end development skillsets. Motivated, dedicated and people-focused. Passion to excel, streamline, grow, train and lead. 
. Specialties: UX, UI, Graphic Design, Web / Front-End Development, Consulting, Leadership, Training, Advertising, Marketing
. A highly qualified Business Intelligence Consultant with a record of successful job performance in multiple client industries. A self-motivated, organized and collaborative developer with a strong proficiency working with Business Intelligence applications, reporting software, SQL and data concepts. Exceptional interpersonal skills with a customer oriented focus and a desire to continually add to my technical repertoire.
Specialties: 
- Unity 3D (C#)
- Unity Engine Tool Design (C++)
- Unity Editor Tool Design (C#)
- Virtual Reality Applications (All Platforms)
- Mixed Reality Applications (Hololens)
- Augmented Reality Applications (Mobile, HMD)
- Machine Learning (MLAgents + TensorFlow)
- OSX Development with Objective C
- OSX Development with Swift
- iOS Development with Objective C
- iOS Development with Swift
- Android Development
- Universal Windows Platform (C# / XAML)
- User Interactivity for 3D Games
- Intuitive UI Design
- Mobile Application Development
. Specialties: SharePoint 2007, 2010, 2013 - Administration and Development Office 365 Microsoft EMS AngularJS PowerShell Scrum Developer
. Experienced Operations Director, with a track record of reducing costs, increasing efficiencies and increasing revenues through speeding up time to market delivery. Experienced Software Delivery Leader with a proven ability to deliver Operational Excellence, Continuous Improvement, Strategy creation & Deployment.
. iverse industry experience leading multiple strategic initiatives and multiple programs. Strong record of successfully leading business unit transformations to Agile and Lean processes, delivering Higher Revenues, Lower Costs and faster time to market.
. I am a user experience designer with over 16 years of design experience. I am a multi-faceted designer and am able to led UX initiatives on small to large scale projects, as well as execute beautiful and engaging interface designs. Throughout my career, I have successfully lead and participated in over 50+ projects involving a variety of industries including manufacturing, healthcare, retail, government, and entertainment. These projects ranged from mobile native applications to enterprise level portals and data management.
. I developed a UX strategy for the interfaces of the National Newspapers of New York Times Regional Media Group, for both mobile and desktop. I also coordinated with product managers and developers execute projects and updates on all sites.
. Experienced Principal Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Databases, .NET Framework, HTML, Azure IoT, and Azure Service Fabric. Strong consulting professional with a Bachelors of Science focused in Computer Science.
. As a Senior Project Manager, I am leading Marketing, Product, and Operational projects. Example: Launched marketing campaign to provide TV Stream and Choice packages in an effort to retain and acquire customers resulting in its first six months retaining/acquiring over 600,000 customers. 
. Identify and lead process improvement opportunities to provide consistency in the execution of projects. Serve as the teams project management trainer when new hires are brought onto the team. Extremely attentive to detail while keeping an eye on the overall strategy. Seen as a problem solver, excellent communicator, and collaborator amongst cross-functional teams.
. As a Senior Project Manager, I offered broad IT (Information Technology) and Operations experience, including Project and Program Life-Cycle Management, Waterfall, SDLC (Software Development Life-Cycle), PMBOK, Agile Software Development, Scrum Software Development, Iterative, Quality Management, Human Resources Management, Plan-Do-Check-Act, Auditing (ISO9000:2008), Business Process Improvement, Document Management, Balanced Scorecard, Facilitation, Change Management, Management, Leadership, Cross-Functional Team Management, Training, Strategic Planning, Recruiting, Team Building, Performance Management, Operations Management, Forecasting, Root / Cause Analysis, and Business Reporting. See less
. As an Information Technology Project Manager, I led multiple operational / IT projects using Waterfall and Agile/Scrum methodologies. Facilitated multiple work groups, worked on capacity planning, and managed budgets of cross functional teams. I partnered with the teams to narrow scope, create road maps and create executable project schedules. Served as an escalation point to project team members when challenges arise. See less
. Over 15 years experience leading Operational / IT projects within the financial, insurance, managed healthcare, banking, and telecommunications industries. Led integration / change efforts such as a Quality Management System encompassing Document Management, Process Improvements, and ISO:9000 Auditing. Types of projects led include: application development, process improvement, and release management with budgets ranging from $100,000 to over $10,000,000.
. Key strengths: communication skills, flexibility, and building relationships. Work to understand key issues and negotiate priorities while managing risks enabling success closure to an organization's top priority projects. 
. Facilitator of project management training sessions for novices, new team members, and leaders. Delivered a presentation for the Society of Emotional Intelligence on Project Management and Emotional Intelligence.  
. Seek challenging opportunities that require a person who has exceptional communication skills, is patient with a sense of urgency, and champions change.
. Secialties: Project Management Life-Cycle (PMBOK, PDCA, Waterfall, and Agile / Scrum), Software / System Development Life-Cycle (SDLC), risk identification and mitigation, business change, budget development, and develop and implement program and project level processes, procedures, and performance metrics.
-	Certified Scaled Agile (SAFe 4) Scrum Master of a data and metrics team for a number of iterations.
-	Owns and manages requirements gathering, documentation, analysis, and communication, as well as the change management process, documentation, and any updates for any and all assigned projects within the MetLife Direct Business.
-	Have established strong working relationships across core functions and support areas including product, marketing, legal, and compliance to assist with the requirements gathering and documentation process.
-	Owns and documents test planning and scripting, and manages test coordination and defect tracking for any and all assigned projects.
-	Able to manage initiatives focused on system integration and platform implementation.
-	In minimal time, works with key stakeholders to become the subject matter expert for the applicable product providers and TPAs.
-	Has the ability to gather and communicate status and key metrics to the MetLife Direct audience with automated or manual reporting where applicable.
-	Communicates with key vendors and internal partners to ensure adequate understanding of business needs and systems capabilities.
-	Works with the leadership team to develop standard templates, reports and best practices.
-	Assists in day to day process management activities within the MetLife Direct business and is a champion of SDLC best practices.
-	Acts as a contact for product and process guidance for the business lines and vendors.
-	Acts as a coordinator for product management initiatives such as audits, process enhancements, database builds and continuous improvement initiatives.
-	Develops and delivers OMMs on a regular basis for senior management.
-	Oversees other efforts needed for business enhancements (Speed, Quality, Cost, Risk).
-	Has the ability to identify and address issues quickly either through proposed solutions or escalations.
-	Is a key team member within business integration processes. See less
. Specialties: Agile, Waterfall, Project and Process Management and Improvement, SDLC, Life Insurance, Individual Disability Insurance, Software Specification, Premium Calculation and GUI Design, Business Analysis, Product Development, QA, UAT, HP ALM, Blueprint, Workfront, Jira, MS Office (including Project, Visio, Access), Web Development, Actuarial Methodology, State Filings, Product Marketing, and Legal and Compliance Consultation.
. Certifications: SAFe 4 Scrum Master; Certified Associate in Project Management with PMI.
. Analytical professional with a versatile skill set and a can-do attitude to achieve organization objectives. Vast experience in the insurance industry managing competitive intelligence and various projects.
. As a Career Management professional, I serve as a career coach and mentor to those in career transition. I have the privilege of working with many talented and successful individuals, providing outplacement services to individual contributors, entry-level managers and senior executives.

lee
...
. In my role as a Career Management Consultant, it is my responsibility to guide & inspire our candidates; teaching them the most up-to-date job search strategies while instilling in them the confidence to leverage these skills to land in their next career.
. As a Certified Professional Resume Writer, published LinkedIn author and experienced trainer and public speaker, I facilitate career workshops, career webinars and executive career coaching.
. My specialties include:

 Career Coaching
 Certified in Birkman Method
 Outplacement Services
 Talent Assessment
 Resume Writing
 Interview Training
 LinkedIn Training
 Social Media Training
 Job Search Strategies
 Networking
 Executive Coaching
 Leadership Training
 Talent Management
 Career Management

. Learn more about me by visiting my website at Leedsilverstein.com
. Contact me: Lee.Silverstein@rightflorida.com

Vice President Consulting Services
Dates EmployedJul 2017  Present
Employment Duration1 yr 7 mos
Provide career coaching and training to candidates at all organizational levels; from entry level to C-Suite. Facilitate workshops and webinars. Specializing in: 

 Executive coaching 
 Resume writing 
 LinkedIn and social media 
 Interview preparation 
 Career Assessments... See more

TitleCareer Management Consultant
Dates EmployedJun 2015  Jul 2017
Employment Duration2 yrs 2 mos
LocationTampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area
Provide career coaching and training including Career Coaching | Outplacement Services | Talent Assessment | Resume Writing | Interview Training | LinkedIn Training | Social Media Training | Job Search Strategies | Networking | Executive Coaching | Leadership Training | Talent Management | Career Management

Business Owner
Company NameWE Have Cancer LLC
Dates EmployedFeb 2015  Present
Employment Duration4 yrs
WE Have Cancer is the longest running, regularly produced podcast exploring the "human side" of cancer.

As the Campus Director of Career Services at Sanford-Brown College, I led a team of talented career service advisors that provided career services for students and alumni. These services included:

 Career education
 Career services
 Job search strategies
 Career placement assistance
 Rsum writing
 Interview preparation
 LinkedIn and social media training See less

As a Career Services Advisor, I worked with our talented students and alumni, providing them career placement assistance, career coaching, rsum writing, interview preparation, LinkedIn training and career search strategies.

Teaching LinkedIn Strategies to Job Seekers | C.P.R.W. | Career Transition Services
Dates Employed2011  2013
Employment Duration2 yrs
LocationTampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area
With over 15 years of experience in leadership and organizational development, training, interviewing and hiring, my goal as an executive job coach, is to give my clients the skills and confidence to succeed in their job search. I teach executives how to leverage the vast array of social media platforms - LinkedIn, Twitter, blogs, Facebook and Google+  to help them be dis... See more

TitleSpeaker | Teaching LinkedIn Strategies to Job Seekers | C.P.R.W. | Career Transition Services
Dates EmployedSep 2011  Oct 2011
Employment Duration2 mos
LocationTampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area
Taught local entrepreneurs how to use social media to listen and respond to the needs of their customers.

Works as a liaison between the life and disability underwriting, other new business areas, and IT personnel to support area technology needs, both production fixes and business enhancements.
Determines specific business application software requirements to address business needs and analyses and designs solutions.
Performs User Acceptance Testing (UAT) of system enhancement and production fixes for underwriting and new business areas both pre and post implementation phases to ensure successful of chosen release items.
Develops critical working relationships with IT partners, vendors, internal end users, and business leadership in order to achieve the common end result.
Schedule and facilitate meetings related to scheduled projects. See less

Tax Reporting & Strategy Manager	8/2013 to 3/2015

- Managed multi-million dollar international client engagements to implement tax decision management systems (Tax Data Warehouse) using Microsoft SQL, SSIS, SSRS, ASP.NET and SharePoint.
- Using the Agile methodology and Microsofts Team Foundation Server, acted as Scrum Master and led the offshore development and testing teams.
- Mentored a team of Agile novices in capturing user stories, reconciling general ledger and ERP data and acceptance testing.
- Designed the Tax Data Warehouse data model.

Solution Manager & Scrum Master, Technology Solution Center	8/2012 to 8/2013
. One of a few individuals selected to lead the creation of the Corporate Tax Reporting Portal, 
a multi-million dollar investment designed to revolutionize the way the firms tax practice interfaces with clients.
. Led the Corporate Tax Reporting teams adoption of the Agile methodology, 
acting as the Scrum Master, utilizing Microsofts Team Foundation Server.
. Developed the Corporate Tax Reporting Portal dashboards and financial reports using 
SQL Server Management Studio and Microsoft SQL Reporting Services.
. Managed the development activities of the external resources for the complex tax workpaper 
calculation engine of the Corporate Tax Reporting while becoming the in-house expert in that system. 
. Enhanced the value of Tacoma, the tax practices BPM platform built on IBMs Websphere 
Lombardi Edition, through discovery and implementation of technology integration. 
. Specifically, led the development of the GoSystem integration for exporting and 
printing returns and checking e-file status via webservices and launching 
locators directly from the BPM system.
. Envisioned and led the automation of the Tacoma Engagement Setup using the GoSystem data
. Led the Corporate Compliance Information Architecture proof of concept project 
while providing subject matter expertise and managing project contractor resources. 
The outcome of this ground-breaking project was a foundation for integrating electronic, 
standard tax workpapers into the compliance process.
. Using the Agile mythology, managed the development of the Tacoma Dashboard which 
exposed in a graphical format the rich engagement status data buried within the 
BPM system. I personally wrote all the underlying SQL queries for these dashboards.

Relationship Manager II, Tax Demand 4/2009 to 4/2011
- Managed $7M re-platform and subsequent v2 of Connected Workpapers, (a collection of technologies that makes relevant, standard workpapers templates available to a tax engagement team).
- Supported the Firm's top priorities by partnering with project sponsors, practice leaders, portfolio teams and external vendors to provide sound, cost efficient long-term tax technology solutions/applications
- Defined solution roadmap in collaboration with the business and developed business cases for technology investments.
- Developed testing plans and conducted acceptance testing sessions with product sponsors.
- Trained onshore and offshore support staff and served as an escalation point for production support matters. See less
Development Manager, Information Technology	1/2007 to 4/2009 
- Designed and developed numerous web based workflow applications used to drive the tax research tools and internal processes within the firm using IBM Lotus Domino, LotusScript, Lotus Formula Language, Java, JavaScript, HTML, XML, ODBC, SQL, SMTP, Oracle.

Fidelity National Information Services
Dates EmployedJan 2000  Jan 2007
Employment Duration7 yrs 1 mo
- Designed and created numerous web based workflow applications for internal and external clients.
- Acted as Global Messaging Architect during two lengthy vacancies in that position. 
- Managed the local Domino development team, mentored junior developers and provided guidance across the global environment.
- Set standards for the development environment and processes; developed software lifecycle processes for design documentation, user acceptance, test plans, problem reporting and version control.
- Technologies used: IBM Lotus Domino, LotusScript, Lotus Formula Language, Java, JavaScript, HTML, XML, ODBC, SQL, SMTP, Tumbleweed Email Firewall, Tumbleweed Secure Messenger. See less

- Collaborated with internal customers across multiple departments to design, develop, test and implement the web based, workflow applications for the retail pharmacy stores.
- Technologies used: IBM Lotus Domino, Perl, CGI, JavaScript, Apache, Oracle, LotusScript, Tuxedo, Gupta SQL Windows, C Language, SQL Plus, Pro*C, HTML, Java Servlets on IBM's Websphere, VisualAge for Java, Apache web server on a Unix SCO server. See less

An accomplished Information Services professional with extensive experience in bringing cutting-edge technology to corporate clients. Proven ability to conduct accurate needs analysis, solve problems, assess technical capabilities, conduct strategic planning, build and motivate teams, manage projects & technical staff and communicate clearly to all resources involved in the organization and or project.

Specialties: Languages: C#, VB.NET, VB, VB Script, JAVA, JavaScript, Lotus Script, Lotus @Command Language, SQL, XML, HTML, DHTML
Internet: ASP.NET, Classic ASP, Lotus Domino, JSP
Database:	MS SQL Server 6.x thru 2012, Oracle, MS Access, Lotus Notes v3.x thru 6.x
Platforms:	Visual Studio, Visual Interdev, Enterprise Manager, Windows 3x/9x/NT/2000/XP/2000 Server, IIS, Lotus Domino, IBM Websphere, JVM

In charge of developing and maintaining the secure websites used by Students, Faculty and prospective students. The web sites were built with asp.net mvc, using web services as the communication link between the client browser and the internal SQL servers.

- System Architect and developer of the SmartSHARE system. A Web Service based search engine that pulls real-time Law Enforcement data from different types of Records Management Systems. Currently being used by the Northwest Florida region in 20 different Law Enforcement agencies. These 20 agencies can query data on people, places and crimes and pull that information in one User Interface.
- Developer of the SmartPTW application. The PTW is a handheld E-Citation application used by Law Enforcement agencies like Florida Highway Patrol to issue Vehicle Citations and DUI Citations. The handheld system uses SQLCE and Windows Mobile technology to run vehicle Tags and Driver License information.
- Developer of the SmartWEB application. The SmartWEB application is a Law Enforcement portal for public consumption. The application displays CAD (Computer Aided Dispatch) i.e., Traffic Accidents and Police/Deputy locations on a map using Google Maps. SmartWEB also displays Jail Inmates and Active Warrant information for that agency.
- Developer of the SmartIR application. The SmartIR (Incident Reporting) is a public website dedicated to allowing citizens to report various types of Incidents that may have occurred. This allows the agency to offset the amount of phone calls taken by the agency from citizens involved in an incident.
- Developer of the Florida Highway Patrol traffic crash website. This public website is used by the FHP website to report incidents on the Florida roads (traffic accidents, delays, etc.)
- Manager of three developers. Hand out tasks for each of the products that my group supports. Manage resource allocations based on customer needs. See less

Dynamic, goal-oriented business professional with excellent communication and leadership skills  proficient in reducing cost of operations through the development and implementation of standard processes, technology, and people. Also skilled in managing large budgets and improving team productivity - over seventeen years experience in Enterprise Architecture, Systems Management and Application Development, consulting in a variety of industries such as accounting, human resources, legal services, government, healthcare, production, construction, and transportation. 

Areas of key strength...

	Accustomed to working as a key member of a management team.
	Dedicated leader with ability to create a positive work environment, implement change, and lead staff through technology transitions.
	Effective in establishing strong clientele relationships.
	Skilled in developing and applying successful business processes to reduce overall cost of operation.
	Focused on ITIL methodologies and ITSM practices for service delivery.

Accountable for developing the corporate IT Strategy, providing technical direction to Enterprise Architects, managing a team of IT Engineers, and monitoring the quality of services we provide our clients. 

Responsibilities include:

	Performing as a key member of the executive leadership team (CxO).
	Interfacing with key leaders in the organization to understand their critical business needs and developing IT Solutions that were capable of meeting those needs.
	Reducing the operating cost of IT without compromising the quality of service we provide our customers. 
	Directing the companys strategic direction, development and future growth.
	Conducting research and case studies on leading edge technologies making the determination on the probability of implementation. See less

Hired to manage 10 IT Professionals responsible for maintaining the school districts infrastructure supporting over 30,000 students and 5000 teachers.

Responsibilities include:

	Managed an IT budget of $4 million dollars.
	Reduced the cost of operations by over 30% by taking advantage of software programs engineered for School Districts (Microsoft Office 365, Enterprise Licensing Agreements, etc). 
	Stabilized the infrastructure and provided technical solution that would enhance classroom learning experiences for students. See less
Accountable for developing and managing a team of up to 30 professionals who provide all aspects of technology to assigned clients (Network, Security, Operations, Operational Controls, Service Desk, Project Management, Field Service, etc).

Responsibilities include:

	Developed innovative technical solutions to improve the stability of our clients infrastructure.
	Balanced the demand levels of customers against the financial obligations of their contracts.
	Consistently managed profitability across given accounts without infringing on employees Work/Life Balance.



 

git
...
. git remote -v
. git config --global user.email "email@example.com"

. Transforming business needs to business solutions.
. BaaS










































































<div class="copyright">
  &copy; 2018 Jia Huang. All rights reserved.
</div>

jia